# OpenGL
#1.	How do I approach designing software?
    o	What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?
    o	What design process did you follow for your project work?
    o	How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
Designing software is an intricate process. This course has taught me to always draw out my ultimate goal before starting out with the code and all other things that follow. In the earlier stages of the class, we were given the opportunity to propose a 2D scene which were replicated in 3D in the final project. All modules in between were used to help us build upon ideas and gradually transform our original scene into 3D. This class taught me it is ok to not know the implementation of all functionalities of my software starting out but to commit to learning concepts, understanding them, and gradually implementing the knowledge acquired into the software. Another valuable skill taught in this class and used throughout the project is not to cram programming syntax. It is ok to not understand in full detail certain programming concepts such as shaders, textures and lighting but to use what someone else may have implemented and follow the procedure to understand the effect. Simply put, learn from others. It is ok to ask for help in building your software. 

#2.	How do I approach developing programs?
    o	What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?
    o	How did iteration factor into your development?
    o	How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?
As mentioned above, this class has taught me to first write out the software I ultimately want to develop. Throughout the class in the different milestones, I was made to understand that it is important to apply iterative development approach. This is the practice of breaking down the software into smaller components and working on them one at a time. The experience gained from working on one translates to the other. It is fine not to fully grasps some concepts. With repetition and consistency, everything would eventually come to you. Another important strategy I used in this class is to revisit topics over again. Even with the limited time on hand, I was able to go back and read over certain topics from the learnOpengl resource. Sometimes, the confusion I had was resolved; other times, it took seeking my instructor’s intervention. The class reiterated to me the need to never give up but to continue to push through difficulty even when it does not make sense to you. With this mindset, my approach to software development is on the right track. 

#3.	How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
    o	How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?
    o	How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway? 
My ultimate goal is to become an automotive software engineer or an embedded system software engineer. I do not see a direct correlation between computational graphics and visualizations and these areas. However, I believe there would be moments where I would have to draw out a simulation of the effect I would like to create in automobiles or electronic devices. This would be the time for me to draw on my knowledge from this class to draw 3D scenes representing what I want to achieve and any aassociated functionalities. Applying the knowledge and skills in the implementation of cameras, and using user inputs and mouse inputs to move them. Also, my knowledge of textures and lighting would help me replicate my 2D automobile scenes in 3D. 

